---
layout: post
title: "less successful"
author: "spencer huang"
categories: entry
---

i need to express that even with effort, i could not be more unsuccessful. 

i quit my first real job after less than FOUR months of working. a job i landed after spending over one HUNDRED thousand dollars of my parents money on a degree.

i live at home with my parents as a 24 year old. 

i work as a barista although i am about to quit. i also tutor high school students math, which i guess is kind of admirable. 

watching and jerking off to porn is a regular part of my routine. the kinks that turn me on are so cringe that even i'm too scared to share explicitly. funny that i'm afraid to share when such a perversion is something we're most likely to have in common. 

i think about smite, this video game i'm obsessed with, probably 30% of all my waking hours. yesterday, i played from 8 am to 3 pm straight, taking a short break for lunch. it means nothing to the outside world. it creates nothing other people can benefit from or even observe. when i play, it completely controls my emotional state. it has made me scream and throw things. i've said very rude things to other players in bouts of rage. when i lose, the pain lingers a long time. i guess the satisfaction of winning also carries through. 

i could read. i could write. i could work more. i could create a portfolio. i could crochet or cook. i could do crafts. i could practice piano or guitar more. i could do better things, but i dont. because i want to play smite more. 

i barely make food but i often eat what my parents cook.

i think im really smart and that i get how life works, but i'm filled with fear of pain and judgment. ironically, i judge the living daylight out of other people for achieving things. i label them as consumerist robots, so desperately seeking some semblance of validation they burn out their bodies and minds proving themselves to people who have more power. i think i'm just jealous that other people have momentum and direction in their lives, while i have anemia and overthinking. 

but seriously, what are yall doing? why are you trying so hard to be a good person when there's no such thing? just fucking exist. is approval really that important? is luxury worth giving away all your time and energy to a desk job that makes you want to gouge your eyes out? 

i might bathe in a soup of failure and depravity, but at least i'm not bathing in bullshit. at least i can admit that i'm a creature of desire and nothing more grand than that. 





